Update to README to bring inline with logging repo (#100)
ministryofjustice/staff-device-dns-dhcp-infrastructure: documentation/corsham_test.md

# Corsham Test Site

> We do remote testing of the DHCP service from a virtual machine (VM) running in Corsham.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote testing of the DHCP / DNS services are performed from a virtual machine (VM) running in the Corsham data center.
```

2. Modify the `enable_corsham_test_bastion` variable in `./variables.tf` and set it to `true`.

3. Commit this to the `main` git branch and push it up.

4. Ensure CI has created this instance.

## SSH onto the bastion server

1. Log into the production AWS console, and go to the SSM Parameter Store.

2. Copy the contents of the SSH key kept under `/corsham/testing/bastion/private_key` and save it to a local file `corsham_test.pem`

3. Change the permission of the pem file by running:

```bash
chmod 600 corsham_test.pem
```

4. Copy the IP address of the bastion server found under `/corsham/testing/bastion/ip` (referred to as <BASTION_IP> below)

5. SSH onto the bastion server:

```bash
ssh -i corsham_test.pem ubuntu@<BASTION_IP>
```

### SSH onto the Corsham VM from the bastion server

6. Copy the IP address for the VM found under `/corsham/testing/vm/ip` in SSM (referred to as <VM_IP> below)

7. Copy the SSH password for the VM found under `/corsham/testing/vm/password` in SSM (referred to as <VM_PASSWORD> below)

8. SSH onto the Corsham VM:

```bash
ssh mt@<VM_IP>
```

9. When prompted for the password enter `<VM_PASSWORD>`

> ### Run the PerfDHCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run PerfDHCP
```
